## 001

maintain a hashtable to track the number of target substracted by scanning one and its index.
So it's O(n)

## 002

start(record head) and end(one more node maybe) need to be specially handled
check both of two listnode do have next(not none), if not(one of them doesn't have) create one with zero val for one of them.


## 003

track start and end of substring and maintain a hash table to record every char's index, once repeat, change the start and check if needs to update max.

**improvement**: NOT FAST for Java and C++

## 004
In order to  find the median we need to "remove"(can use a index to track start pos, don't need to actually build a new array) the first k(half of the total number, be careful about odd and even) elements. to remove them in O(log n) time, even distributing the k to two arrays, and compare the k/2th numbers in each one, and we can safely remove the first k/2 elements where the k/2th is smaller.

1. Odd & Even,
2. first array is always short
3. k/2 will not be out of  boundary
4. boundary situation: k==1
5. boundary situtaion: first is empty

## 005
Searching palindrome is exhausted by start/end indexes. Smart observation is the center of the palindrome is limited, and there is always only one longest palindrome within the same center group of palindrome.   
So 1st loop is for center, and centers will be generated around the median of the array, "up and down". Then, each iteration with find the longest one(represented by center and length) to see if needs to update a new center and length.

1. how to generate the center
2. find the longest palindrome for each center
3. careful with even and odd
4. careful index, since the center has different meaning under even and odd situation.
5. careful with boundaries of string
5. when to break to save time